STUDY GUIDE FOR The Tragedy of Julius Caesar
WITH ANSWER KEY

SHORT ANSWER STUDY GUIDE QUESTIONS - Julius Caesar
Below is a list of the characters of the play. Because there are so many, use this page to
jot down some notes to remind you of each character's role in the play.
Flavius -
Marcellus - 
Julius Caesar - 
Casca - 
Calpurnia - 
Mark Antony - 
Soothsayer - 
Brutus - 
Cassius - 
Cicero - 
Cinna - 
Cinna (the poet) - 
Lucius - 
Decius - 
Metellus - 
Trebonius - 
Portia - 
Ligarius - 
Publius - 
Artemidorus - 
Papilius - 
Octavius - 
Lepidus - 
Pindarus - 
Lucilius - 
Messala - 
Varro - 
Claudius -
Titinius - 
Cato - 
Clitus - 
Dardanius - 
Volumnius - 
Strato - 









Julius Caesar Short Answer Study Guide Page 2

Act I
1. In Scene I, what do Flavius and Marcellus want the commoners to do?
2. What is the Soothsayer's advice to Caesar?
3. Explain the difference between the views of Caesar held by Cassius and Brutus.
4. Caesar clearly gives his thoughts about Cassius. What does he say?
5. Summarize Casca's explanation of why Caesar looked so sad.
6. At the end of Scene II in lines 312 - 326, Cassius makes plans. What plans does he make?  Why?
7. Casca says, "For I believe they are portentous things/Unto the climate that they point
 upon." What does he mean?
8. Why does Cassius want Brutus to join the conspiracy?

Act II
1. To what decision does Brutus come in his orchard? Why?
2. What does Lucius give to Brutus in Scene I?
3. Why doesn't Brutus want to swear an oath with the conspirators?
4. For what reason does Metellus Cimber want Cicero to join the conspiracy?
5. Brutus is against including Cicero and against killing Mark Antony. Why?
6. Why did Brutus say, "Render me worthy of this noble wife!"?
7. Of what does Calpurnia try to convince Caesar?
8. Caesar yields to Calpurnia's wishes at first. Why does he change his mind and decide to go to the Senate meeting?
9. What does the note Artemidorus wants to give to Caesar say?

Act III
1. What is ironic about the timing of Caesar's murder (in relation to the preceding events)?
2. In the moments following Caesar's death, what do the conspirators proclaim to justify their deed?
3. Antony's servant brings a message to Brutus. What does he say?
4. Antony wants to speak at Caesar's funeral. What reaction does Brutus have? Cassius?
5. Under what conditions will Antony speak at the funeral?
6. What did Brutus say to the people at the funeral?
7. What did Antony say to the people at the funeral in his now famous "Friends, Romans,
 countrymen, lend me your ears" speech?
8. Why did Brutus and Cassius flee Rome?
9. What is the point of Act III Scene III?

Act IV
1. What did Antony, Octavius, and Lepidus gather to discuss?
2. To what does Antony compare Lepidus?
3. What problem has developed between Cassius and Brutus? How is it resolved?
4. What news did Messala bring Brutus?
5. For what reasons does Brutus want to lead his armies to Philippi?
6. What message did Caesar's ghost bring Brutus?

Act V
1. Why did Pindarus stab Cassius?
2. What causes Titinius to say, "The sun of Rome is set!"?
3. Who do the soldiers believe they have captured in Scene IV? Who is it really?
4. How does Brutus die?
5. Why did Antony say Brutus was the "noblest Roman of them all"?



ANSWER KEY: STUDY GUIDE QUESTIONS - Julius Caesar
Below is a list of the characters of the play. Because there are so many, use this page to
jot down some notes to remind you of each character's role in the play.

Flavius - tribune who breaks up crowd waiting to honor Caesar's triumph
Marcellus - tribune who breaks up crowd waiting to honor Caesar's triumph
Julius Caesar - Emperor of Rome
Casca - first to stab Caesar
Calpurnia - Caesar's wife
Mark Antony - devoted follower of Caesar; defeats Brutus
Soothsayer - warns Caesar to "Beware the Ides of March"
Brutus - joins and then leads the conspiracy to kill Caesar
Cassius - organizes the conspiracy and gets Brutus to join
Cicero - Roman Senator Casca to whom talks on the eve of the assassination
Cinna - plants the forged letter for Cassius, also a conspirator
Cinna (the poet) - mistaken for Cinna the conspirator
Lucius - servant to Brutus
Decius - reinterprets Calpurnia's dream and convinces Caesar to go to Senate
Metellus - distracts Caesar's attention so conspirators can carry out their plan
Trebonius - takes Antony away from the assassination scene so he won't interfere
Portia - wife of Brutus
Ligarius - vows to follow Brutus
Publius - one of many who escort Caesar to the Senate meeting
Artemidorus - gives Caesar a letter of warning naming the conspirators
Papilius - wishes Cassius well in his "enterprise"
Octavius - heir of Julius Caesar
Lepidus - joins with Octavius and Antony, used by Octavius and Antony
Pindarus - servant to Cassius
Lucilius - captured by Antony's soldiers, mistaken for Brutus
Messala - reports Portia's death, discovers Cassius' body
Varro - servant of Brutus
Claudius - servant of Brutus
Titinius - officer, guards tent at Sardis
Cato - soldier in army of Brutus and Cassius
Clitus - servant of Brutus, refused to kill Brutus
Dardanius - servant of Brutus, refused to kill Brutus
Volumnius - friend and soldier to Brutus, refuses to hold Brutus' sword
Strato - holds Brutus' suicide sword

Act I
1. In Scene I, what do Flavius and Marcellus want the commoners to do?
They want the commoners to break up and move along; they don't want them to celebrate
Caesar's triumphs.
2. What is the Soothsayer's advice to Caesar?
The Soothsayer told Caesar to "Beware the Ides of March."
3. Explain the difference between the views of Caesar held by Cassius and Brutus.
Cassius openly wants Caesar out of power. He is jealous and wants better for himself.
Brutus has been thinking about Caesar and the state of his countrymen, and at this point is ready to listen to Cassius. Although Brutus loves Caesar, he recognizes Caesar's flaws.
4. Caesar clearly gives his thoughts about Cassius. What does he say?
Caesar says that Cassius "has a lean and hungry look. He thinks too much and such men
are dangerous."
5. Summarize Casca's explanation of why Caesar looked so sad.
Antony offered Caesar a crown. When he refused it, the crowd cheered. So, although
Caesar really wanted the crown, he at that point could not publicly accept it. Then he had
a seizure.
6. At the end of Scene II in lines 312 - 326, Cassius makes plans. What plans does he make?
 Why?
He is going to forge notes to Brutus from several citizens in order to help sway Brutus
against Caesar.
7. Casca says, "For I believe they are portentous things/Unto the climate that they point upon."
 What does he mean?
He thinks the list of "unnatural" sights he has just told Cicero about are signs of the
tragedy about to unfold in their country.
8. Why does Cassius want Brutus to join the conspiracy?
Brutus is a favorite of the people. He is honorable and well-thought-of. If the people
would see that Brutus supported the conspiracy, the conspirators would be in better favor
with the people following the assassination.

Act II
1. To what decision does Brutus come in his orchard? Why?
He decides to join the conspiracy to murder Caesar. He believes after Caesar is crowned,
he will abuse his power, so Brutus thinks it best to "kill him in the shell; that is, to murder
him before he gets a chance to abuse his power.23
2. What does Lucius give to Brutus in Scene I?
He brings the forged note which had been thrown through Brutus' window.
3. Why doesn't Brutus want to swear an oath with the conspirators?
He thinks a just cause needs no oath to bind the doers to their cause.
4. For what reason does Metellus Cimber want Cicero to join the conspiracy?
". . . his silver hairs/Will purchase us a good opinion,/And buy men's voices to commend
our deeds. . . ."
5. Brutus is against including Cicero and against killing Mark Antony. Why?
He says Cicero will not follow any plan started by someone else. Killing Mark Antony
isn't necessary; it would be too bloody.
6. Why did Brutus say, "Render me worthy of this noble wife!"?
Portia has shown her concern for him and insists on sharing his emotional burden.
7. Of what does Calpurnia try to convince Caesar?
She tries to convince him that her dreams are omens of tragedy and that he should not go
to the Senate meeting.
8. Caesar yields to Calpurnia's wishes at first. Why does he change his mind and decide to go to the Senate meeting?
Decius reinterprets Calpurnia's dream to entice Caesar to go to the meeting.
9. What does the note Artemidorus wants to give to Caesar say?
It warns Caesar about the conspiracy and names the conspirators.

Act III
1. What is ironic about the timing of Caesar's murder (in relation to the preceding events)?
He has just finished saying how he is one who is as "constant as the Northern Star" and
comparing himself to Olympus. He is destroyed just after proclaiming his magnificence
and indestructibility.
2. In the moments following Caesar's death, what do the conspirators proclaim to justify their deed?
"Liberty! Freedom! Tyranny is dead!"
3. Antony's servant brings a message to Brutus. What does he say?
Antony praises Brutus for being honest and noble and requests to be able to safely come
see Brutus to hear why Caesar was murdered.24
4. Antony wants to speak at Caesar's funeral. What reaction does Brutus have? Cassius?
Brutus would let him speak. Cassius thinks it is too dangerous for them to let Antony
speak to the people.
5. Under what conditions will Antony speak at the funeral?
He will be allowed to speak if he doesn't blame the conspirators, admits he speaks by
their permission, and speaks last (after Brutus).
6. What did Brutus say to the people at the funeral?
He said he loved Caesar, but he loved Rome more. He asked them if they would "rather
Caesar were living and die all slaves then that Caesar were dead, to live all freemen." He
asked for anyone he had offended to step forth. (No one did.) Brutus attempted to appeal
to the crowd's reason, to show them that the assassination was the only logical way to do
the best thing for the people.
7. What did Antony say to the people at the funeral in his now famous "Friends, Romans,
 countrymen, lend me your ears" speech?
Antony called the conspirators "honorable men" and does not obviously attempt to
degrade the crowd's new-found heroes. Instead, he begins pointing our examples of
Caesar's behavior which clearly contradict the accusations made by the conspirators. He
notes that Caesar shared the spoils of war, showed compassion for the common people,
and denied acceptance of the crown three times. These were not deeds of an ambitious
man, so Antony said. Throughout the speech, he masterfully manipulates the crowd's
emotions until, at the end, they praise him and Caesar and are ready to riot.
8. Why did Brutus and Cassius flee Rome?
Their lives were in danger after Antony's remarks at the funeral.
9. What is the point of Act III Scene III?
It graphically shows the violent mood of the crowd. Even when told they have the wrong
Cinna, they want to destroy him anyway for his bad verses and for having the same name
as Cinna the conspirator.

Act IV
1. What did Antony, Octavius and Lepidus gather to discuss?
They were deciding which Romans should live or die. They wanted to eliminate anyone
who could cause them trouble.
2. To what does Antony compare Lepidus?
He compares him to his own horse and calls him an animal to be trained and used.25
3. What problem has developed between Cassius and Brutus? How is it resolved?
Cassius was offended that Brutus did not seriously consider his letters on behalf of
Lucius Pella. Brutus said Cassius should not have written on behalf of such a man and he
goes on to accuse Cassius of accepting bribes himself. It is resolved (after a great deal of
name-calling and threats to fight) by the end of their conversation. Brutus basically holds
to his position and lets Cassius talk himself out.
4. What news did Messala bring Brutus?
He brought news that Antony, Octavius and Lepidus have had a hundred Senators killed
and that Portia also is dead.
5. For what reasons does Brutus want to lead his armies to Philippi?
 (a) They can gather fresh forces as they march to Philippi (b) That the enemy is
 increasing and his army is at a high point ready to decline, and (c) They are on a "tide" of
"fortune" and should strike while they are on a good tide.
(Note that it is ironic that Brutus' decision to move early is the key to his defeat. If he had
waited, the outcome may have been different.)
6. What message did Caesar's ghost bring Brutus?
He said he would see Brutus at Philippi.

Act V
1. Why did Pindarus stab Cassius?
Cassius ordered Pindarus to kill Cassius after he believes Titanius has been captured by
the enemy. (Note the irony that Titanius was in fact NOT captured; rather, he was being
congratulated by his own side.)
2. What causes Titinius to say, "The sun of Rome is set!"?
He learns of Cassius' death.
3. Who do the soldiers believe they have captured in Scene IV? Who is it really?
They believe they have captured Brutus, but they have actually captured Lucilius.
4. How does Brutus die?
Brutus runs on his own sword. He recognizes defeat and refuses to give Antony the
"honor" of killing him.
5. Why did Antony say Brutus was the "noblest Roman of them all"?
All the other conspirators killed Caesar of envy or for personal gain. Brutus truly believed he was doing the right thing for his countrymen.


MULTIPLE CHOICE STUDY GUIDE/QUIZ QUESTIONS - Julius Caesar
Act I 
1. In Scene I, what do Flavius and Marcellus want the commoners to do? 
A. Go home and put on their best clothes. 
B. Stand along the sides of the street to get ready for Caesar's procession. 
C. Break up, move along, and ignore Caesar's victory. 
D. Offer their services free of charge to Caesar. 
2. What is the Soothsayer's advice to Caesar? 
A. "Neither a borrower nor a lender be." 
B. "Beware the Ides of March." 
C. "Go you down that way towards the Capitol." 
D. "Make haste, for it grows very late." 
3. Explain the difference between the views of Caesar held by Cassius and Brutus. 
A. Cassius openly wants Caesar out of power. Brutus loves Caesar but recognizes 
 his flaws and thinks about the state of his countrymen. 
B. Cassius wants Caesar to stay in power. Brutus thinks Cassius would be a\
 better leader and wants to help him take over. 
C. Cassius wants Caesar out of power. Brutus agrees but thinks Cassia
 would not be a good leader either. 
D. Cassius thinks Caesar should share his power with Cassius, Brutus and
 others. Brutus thinks the power should be divided equally among all of the
 countrymen. 
4. Caesar clearly gives his thoughts about Cassius. What does he say? 
A. "It doth amaze me 
 A man of such feeble temper should 
 So get the start of a majestic world." 
B. "He had rather be a villager 
 Than to repute himself a son of Rome." 
C. "He has a lean and hungry look.; 
 He thinks too much. Such men are dangerous." 
D. "We have both fed as well, and we can both 
 Endure the winter's cold as well as he." 
 5. What is Casca's explanation of Caesar's sad look? (Act I) 
A. He is suffering from battle fatigue and lack of proper food. 
B. He really wants the crowd, but the crowd cheered when he refused it. 
C. He does not like public ceremonies and wants to go home. 
D. The crowd begs him to accept the crown, but he does not want it. 27
Caesar Multiple Choice Study Questions Page 2
6. At the end of Scene II in lines 312 - 326, Cassius makes plans. What plans does he make? Why?
A. He is going to ask Casca and Brutus to have dinner with him the following
 evening to discuss what to do about Caesar. 
B. He plans to hold a reception in Caesar's honor to make amends with him.
C. He is going to forge notes to Brutus from several citizens in order to help
 sway Brutus against Caesar.
D. He is going to forge notes from Brutus to Caesar.
7. Casca says, "For I believe they are portentous things/Unto the climate that they point upon." What does he mean?
A. He thinks they are going to continue to have bad weather.
B. He thinks Caesar has caused some kind of magic spell to be put upon the
 city.
C. He thinks the "unnatural" sights he has seen are signs of tragedy about to
 unfold in his country.
D. He thinks Caesar will make some needed improvements in the way the
 government is run.
8. Why does Cassius want Brutus to join the conspiracy?
A. Brutus is well thought of by the people. If he supported the conspiracy, the
 conspirators would be in better favor with the people following the
 assassination.
B. Brutus has the best knowledge of the layout of the Capitol. It would be easy
 for him to plan a secret attack.
C. Brutus has great influence over the soldiers. Cassius needs Brutus to direct
 them not to help Caesar.
D. Brutus is very wealthy. They will need a lot of money to set up the new
 government.


Act II
9. To what decision does Brutus come in his orchard? Why?
A. He decides to stay loyal to Caesar and to warn him of the conspirators' plot
 because he believes that Caesar has Rome's best interests at heart.
B. He decides to remain neutral because he does not fully trust the
 conspirators or Caesar.
C. He decides to join the conspiracy to murder Caesar because he thinks
 Caesar will abuse his power if he is crowned.
D. He decides to leave the city and go into hiding.
10. What does Lucius give to Brutus in Scene I?
A. He brings the forged note that has been thrown through the window.
B. He brings Brutus a cup of wine to ease his troubled sleep.
C. He brings a note from Caesar asking him to come to the palace.
D. He brings a plate of eggs for breakfast.
11. Why doesn't Brutus want to swear an oath with the conspirators?
A. He is planning to double-cross them later on.
B. He thinks it is bad luck to swear an oath.
C. He is afraid Lucius will overhear him and run to warn Caesar.
D. He thinks a just cause needs no oath to bind the doers to their cause.
12. For what reason does Metellus Cimber want Cicero to join the conspiracy?
A. "... for his is given
 To sports, to wildness and much company.
 There is no fear in him..."
B. "...his silver hairs
 Will purchase us a good opinion.
 And buy men's voices to commend our deeds..."
C. "...we shall find of him
 A shrewd contriver..."
D. "...thy master is wise and valiant Roman..."
13. Brutus is against including Cicero and against killing Mark Antony. Why?
A. Cicero is a coward, and Mark Antony can be persuaded to side with them.
B. Cicero will not follow any plan started by someone else, and killing Mark
 Antony would be too bloody.
C. Cicero may be a spy of Caesar's, and Mark Antony will not be a threat once
 Caesar is dead.
D. Cicero wants the crown for himself, and if they kill Mark Antony, the Army will
 retaliate.
14. Why did Brutus say, "Render me worthy of this noble wife!"?
A. He feels badly. He knows he has not been attentive to his wife lately.
B. He wants to keep his plan a secret from his wife because she will be angry.
C. Portia has shown her concern for him and insists on sharing his emotional
 burden.
D. Portia approves of his plan and offers to help.
15. Of what does Calpurnia try to convince Caesar?
A. Her dreams are omens of tragedy, and he should not go to the Senate
 meeting.
B. Her spies have told her that there is a plot against Caesar.
C. There is going to be a terrible earthquake, and he should cancel the Senate
 meeting.
D. He should let her and the other wives be present for his coronation.
16. Caesar yields to Calpurnia's wishes at first. Why does he change his mind and decide to  go to the Senate meeting?
A. His servants tell him the priests said it was alright for him to go.
B. He knows that his army is strong and will protect him.
C. He has seen a good luck omen in the sky. He thinks it is stronger than
 Calpurnia's dreams.
D. Decius reinterprets Calpurnia's dream to entice Caesar to go to the meeting.
17. What does the note Artemidorus wants to give to Caesar say?
A. It is a speech for Caesar to deliver at the coronation.
B. It is a letter from Calpurnia. She apologizes and sends her love.
C. It warns Caesar of the Conspiracy and names the conspirators.
D. It is a note from one of the senators who will not be at the meeting.30




Act III
18. What is ironic about the timing of Caesar's murder (in relation to the preceding events)?
A. He is murdered just as he is reading the warning from Portia.
B. He is destroyed just after proclaiming his magnificence and indestructibility.
C. It occurs just after a great storm and earthquake.
D. Brutus has changed his mind but is not able to stop the others.
19. In the moments following Caesar's death, what do the conspirators proclaim to justify their deed?
A. "Life! Liberty! The pursuit of happiness!"
B. "Et tu, Brute!"
C. "Fates, we will know your pleasures."
D. "Liberty! Freedom! Tyranny is dead!"
20. Antony's servant brings a message to Brutus. What does he say?
A. Antony praises Brutus for being honest and requests to be able to safely see
 Brutus to hear why Caesar was murdered.
B. Antony expresses his anger and vows that Caesar's murder shall be
 avenged.
C. Antony surrenders and asks for safe passage from the city.
D. Antony congratulates Brutus and says he is glad Caesar is dead.
21. Antony wants to speak at Caesar's funeral. What reaction does Brutus have? Cassius?
A. They both refuse.
B. Brutus agrees, but Cassius thinks it is dangerous to let Antony speak to the
 people.
C. Brutus refuses, but Cassius thinks it will calm the people.
D. They both agree that it will help their cause.
22. Under what conditions will Antony speak at the funeral?
A. He must go first, take full responsibility for his speech, and swear allegiance
 to Brutus.
B. He must use the speech that the conspirators have written and say that he
 approves of their actions.
C. He must speak after Casca and only wish Caesar eternal peace.
D. He must not blame the conspirators, admit he speaks by their permission,
 and speak last, after Brutus.31
Caesar Multiple Choice Study Questions Page 6
23. What did Brutus say to the people at the funeral?
A. He told them the assassination was the only logical way to do the best thing
 for the people.
B. He told them he would be a much better ruler than Caesar and asked for
 their trust and support.
C. He said he would divide Caesar's wealth among the people after the funeral.
D. He criticized Caesar for being a cruel and evil ruler.
24. What did Antony say to the people at the funeral in his now famous "Friends, Romans,
 countrymen, lend me your ears" speech?
A. He accuses the conspirators of treason and demands that they be put to
 death for Caesar's murder.
B. He says the Caesar deserved to die and the people should thank the
 conspirators.
C. He contradicts the accusations made by the conspirators of treason and
 demands that they be put to death for Caesar's murder.
D. He praises Caesar and asks that a memorial be built for him.
25. Why did Brutus and Cassius flee Rome?
A. They had hidden Caesar's fortune and wanted to recover it.
B. They went to get the army to put down the riot.
C. They were following their wives, who had left the city earlier.
D. Their lives were in danger after Antony's remarks at the funeral.
26. What is the point of Act III Scene III?
A. It graphically shows the violent mood of the crowd.
B. It shows the people's dislike of bad poetry.
C. It lets us know what Brutus is thinking.
D. It encourages sympathy for Mark Antony.32

Act IV
27. What did Antony, Octavius, and Lepidus gather to discuss?
A. The date and agenda of the next Senate meeting.
B. They were deciding which potential troublemakers to kill.
C. They were making plans for the coronation of Brutus.
D. They were planning their escape from the city.
28. To what does Antony compare Lepidus?
A. To a god to be worshipped
B. To a woman to be pitied for her cowardice
C. To a horse to be trained and used
D. To a brave and fierce warrior.
29. What problem has developed between Cassius and Brutus? How is it resolved?
A. Cassius is offended that Brutus did not seriously consider his letters on
 behalf of Lucius Pella. Brutus accuses Cassius of accepting bribes. Brutus
 holds to his position.
B. Cassius wanted to head the army. Brutus does not think he would be a
 competent leader. It is resolved when Cassius gives in to Brutus.
C. Brutus has demanded a large amount of gold from Cassius. At first Cassius
 refuses, but then he reluctantly gives in to Brutus's demands for the good of
 Rome.
D. Brutus wants to return to Rome immediately. Cassius thinks they should wait
 until the people's anger dies down. They finally agree to wait.
30. What news did Messala bring Brutus?
A. The rioting has stopped and it is safe for them to return to the city.
B. Antony has fled and the city is in turmoil.
C. Antony, Octavius, and Lepidus have had a hundred Senators killed, and
 Portia is also dead.
D. Portia has left the city and gone into hiding. A loyal faction is working to
 ensure a safe return for her and for Brutus and Cassius.
31. Which of these is not a reason that Brutus wants to lead his armies to Philippi?
A. They can gather fresh forces as their march toward Philippi.
B. The enemy is increasing, and his army is at a high point ready to decline.
C. They are on a "tide" of "fortune" and should strike while they are on a good
 tide.
D. Antony is not expecting Brutus to go to Philippi. Brutus will have the element
 of surprise on his side.33
32. What message did Caesar's ghost bring Brutus?
A. Beware the Ides of March.
B. He would see Brutus at Philippi.
C. Brutus would never live to rule Rome.
D. Brutus should not go to Philippi but should go directly to Rome.34
Caesar Multiple Choice Study Questions Page 9

Act V
33. Why did Pindarus stab Cassius?
A. He was angry because Cassius had helped kill Caesar.
B. He had secretly changed sides and had been ordered to do so by Antony.
C. Cassius asked him to do it when they thought Titinius had been captured by the
 enemy.
D. Pindarus is afraid that Cassius will try to take over, and he wants Brutus to rule.
34. What causes Titinius to say, "The sun of Rome is set!"?
A. He sees Rome burning in the distance.
B. He thinks they will soon be defeated.
C. He can tell that night is approaching and the fighting will have to wait for
 morning.
D. He learns that Cassius is dead.
35. Who do the soldiers believe they have captured in Scene IV? Who is it really?
A. They think it is Brutus, but it is actually Lucilius.
B. They think it is Cassius, but it is actually Cato.
C. They think it is Lucilius, but it is actually Messala.
D. They think it is Titinius, but it is actually Pindarus.
36. How does Brutus die?
A. Antony kills him in a fight.
B. He kills himself with his sword.
C. The ghost of Caesar frightened him to death.
D. He is taken prisoner and one of the soldiers accidentally kills him.
37. Why did Antony say Brutus was the "noblest Roman of them all"?
A. Brutus was the only one who died an honorable death.
B. Brutus saw the error of his ways before he died and apologized to Antony.
C. The others killed Caesar for personal gain, but Brutus believed he was doing the
 right thing for his countrymen.
D. Antony was trying to appease the people so they would not riot when they learned
 Brutus was dead.



